{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid902\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid15}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133\vieww29200\viewh18460\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
For website creation, she should first answer the questions below. These will help define the 
\f0\b brand, services, target audience, website structure, messaging, and lead-generation flow
\f1\b0 .\
\

\f0\b 1. Business identity
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}What will be the business name? Edualist \
{\listtext	0.	}Will the brand be in 
\f0\b Turkish
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b English
\f1\b0 , or bilingual? Bilingual\
{\listtext	0.	}What is the main promise of the business? Turkiyeden yurtdisina gidecek ogrencilere ba\uc0\u351 vuru ve sonras\u305 ndaki s\'fcre\'e7te destek. \
{\listtext	0.	}Is the service more like 
\f0\b consulting
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b coaching
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b mentoring
\f1\b0 , or 
\f0\b education relocation advisory
\f1\b0 ? Coaching and 
\f0\b Education relocation advisory
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}Should the tone feel premium, warm, professional, mother-to-mother, or expert-led? Professional mother to mother\
{\listtext	0.	}Why is she personally credible to advise families? To be added \
{\listtext	0.	}Does she want to be the face of the brand, or should the brand feel like a company? Brand like a company\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b 2. Target clients
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Who exactly is the ideal client?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Turkish families in Turkey? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Turkish families already in Dubai? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Families planning to relocate within 6\'9624 months? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Families considering boarding school? No\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}What age group of children will she focus on?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Primary school? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Middle school? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 High school? Yes\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 University preparation? No\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}What income/profile level is she targeting? High \
{\listtext	0.	}What are these parents most afraid of? Acceptance, right school, which curriculum, lack of language\
{\listtext	0.	}What mistakes do they commonly make? Ogrencinin hedefleri ile okulun vizyonunun uymamas\uc0\u305  \
{\listtext	0.	}What do they usually search for online? Schools website, titles. Nothing deep \
{\listtext	0.	}Are the clients mostly mothers, fathers, or both parents together? Mostly mothers and parents\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b 3. Core problem and value proposition
\f1\b0 \
\
She should answer this very clearly:\
\

\f0\b \'93Why would a family pay me instead of searching online themselves?\'94
\f1\b0 \
\
Supporting questions:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What confusion does she help families overcome?\
She helps families confidently identify the right school and curriculum by carefully assessing each student\'92s academic abilities, personal background, future goals, and learning style, and aligning them with the school\'92s vision and educational approach.\
Many families rely on website images or first impressions when choosing schools, which often does not reflect the true learning environment or whether the school is the right fit for the child. She provides clarity and guidance throughout the decision-making process.\
She also helps families understand how different educational pathways and blended curriculum options may influence future university applications and long-term academic opportunities.\
\
2.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What costly mistakes does she help families avoid?\
She helps families avoid common and expensive mistakes such as:\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Choosing a school that does not match the student\'92s academic or emotional needs\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Selecting an unsuitable curriculum or educational pathway\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Overlooking long-term academic planning\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Depending heavily on private tutoring due to lack of structure or school fit\
By creating a personalized study and transition plan, she helps students build strong academic habits early, reducing unnecessary stress, costs, and academic setbacks.\
\
3.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What emotional support does she provide?\
Relocating and starting a new school can be emotionally overwhelming for both students and parents. She provides continuous guidance and reassurance throughout the entire process so students feel secure, prepared, and supported.\
By helping students understand expectations, establish routines, and develop healthy study habits, she supports their emotional adjustment and builds confidence from the very beginning.\
Her goal is to help students gain:\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 A sense of security\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Consistent routines\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Academic confidence\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 A positive mindset toward their new environment\
\
4.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What practical knowledge does she offer?\
She provides families with practical, step-by-step guidance on where to begin and how to navigate the relocation and school transition process successfully.\
This includes:\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Understanding school systems and curriculum options\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Planning the transition timeline\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Preparing students academically and emotionally\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Knowing how to communicate effectively with schools\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Supporting language development and extracurricular involvement\
Her guidance turns an overwhelming process into a clear and manageable journey.\
\
5.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What decisions does she help families make?\
She supports families in making informed decisions regarding:\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Choosing the right school and curriculum\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Supporting children through relocation and adaptation\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Planning second-language development\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Selecting extracurricular activities and clubs\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Creating healthy academic routines\
\'95\uc0\u8288   \u8288 Building effective communication with teachers and schools\
Once the student begins school, she continues to guide parents on how to support their child\'92s academic, emotional, and social development.\
\
6.\uc0\u8288  \u8288 What outcome should families expect after working with her?\
Families gain confidence and peace of mind knowing their child has been placed in a school that genuinely aligns with their needs, strengths, and future goals.\
Students experience a smoother and more positive transition into their new school environment, which plays a significant role in their emotional well-being and long-term academic success.\
With a clear academic and extracurricular roadmap from the start, students are better prepared to participate fully in school life without missing valuable opportunities.\
Parents feel supported throughout the entire process, allowing them to focus on their relocation, careers, and new lifestyle without unnecessary stress or uncertainty.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Example outcome:\
\

\f0\b \'93After working with us, the family will have a clear school/country/curriculum direction, realistic cost expectations, and a step-by-step relocation education plan.\'94
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 4. Services and packages
\f1\b0 \
\
For each service, she should define:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}What is the service name? \
{\listtext	0.	}Who is it for? \
{\listtext	0.	}What problem does it solve?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is included?\
{\listtext	0.	}How long does it take?\
{\listtext	0.	}Is it online, in-person, or both?\
{\listtext	0.	}Is there a written report or only verbal guidance?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is the price?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is not included?\
{\listtext	0.	}What should the client do after buying the service?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Possible services:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Initial Education Relocation Clarity Session\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Dubai School Selection Advisory\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Curriculum Choice Mentoring\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 School Shortlist Package\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Full Dubai Relocation Education Package\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Ongoing Family Mentoring\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 University Pathway Planning\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b 5. Geographic focus
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Is Dubai the main focus? Yes\
{\listtext	0.	}Will she also cover the UK, US, Canada, Europe, or only general comparison? UK and US\
{\listtext	0.	}Will she advise on boarding schools? Yes\
{\listtext	0.	}Will she advise on university pathways? Yes\
{\listtext	0.	}Will she support only relocation to Dubai or also families sending children alone abroad? Relocation\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she want to say \'93Dubai specialist\'94 clearly on the website? Not really. It can be 
\f0\b \'93Dubai school and education relocation mentoring for Turkish families.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b 6. Website pages needed
\f1\b0 \
\
She should decide which pages she wants. For launch,  4 pages are enough:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Home\
{\listtext	0.	}About\
{\listtext	0.	}Services\
{\listtext	0.	}Book a Consultation\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b 7. Homepage questions
\f1\b0 \
\
The homepage should answer these questions immediately:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Who do you help?\
{\listtext	0.	}What do you help them with?\
{\listtext	0.	}Why does it matter?\
{\listtext	0.	}Why should they trust you?\
{\listtext	0.	}What services do you offer?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is the next step?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
A strong homepage headline could be:\
\

\f0\b \'93Turkish families i\'e7in Dubai\'92de okul ve e\uc0\u287 itim odakl\u305  ta\u351 \u305 nma dan\u305 \u351 manl\u305 \u287 \u305 \'94
\f1\b0 \
\
Or in English:\
\

\f0\b \'93Education relocation mentoring for Turkish families planning their children\'92s schooling abroad.\'94
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 8. About page questions
\f1\b0 \
\
She should prepare answers to:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Who is she?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is her personal connection to international education?\
{\listtext	0.	}Why did she start this business?\
{\listtext	0.	}Has she personally experienced relocation, school search, or international schooling?\
{\listtext	0.	}What makes her approach different?\
{\listtext	0.	}What values guide her work?\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she have relevant education, parenting, relocation, coaching, or school experience?\
{\listtext	0.	}What kind of families does she enjoy helping?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The About page should build trust. For this business, trust is more important than flashy design.\
\

\f0\b 9. Trust and credibility
\f1\b0 \
\
She should decide what proof she can show:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Personal relocation experience?\
{\listtext	0.	}Dubai school search experience?\
{\listtext	0.	}Parent experience?\
{\listtext	0.	}Testimonials from pilot clients?\
{\listtext	0.	}Case studies?\
{\listtext	0.	}School visit experience?\
{\listtext	0.	}Community involvement?\
{\listtext	0.	}Partnerships?\
{\listtext	0.	}Photos from Dubai?\
{\listtext	0.	}Articles or guides she has written?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
At the beginning, if there are no testimonials, she can use:\
\

\f0\b \'93Founder\'92s note\'94
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b sample guidance
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b free checklist
\f1\b0 , and 
\f0\b pilot family feedback
\f1\b0  later.\
\

\f0\b 10. Lead generation
\f1\b0 \
\
She should answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}What action should visitors take?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Book a paid consultation?\
\ls10\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Book a free discovery call?\
\ls10\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Download a checklist?\
\ls10\ilvl1
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Send WhatsApp message?\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Will she use Calendly or a contact form?\
{\listtext	0.	}Will WhatsApp be visible?\
{\listtext	0.	}Will the first call be free or paid?\
{\listtext	0.	}Will she collect email addresses?\
{\listtext	0.	}What free resource can attract Turkish families?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Good lead magnet idea:\
\

\f0\b \'93Dubai\'92de Okul Se\'e7meden \'d6nce Ailelerin Bilmesi Gereken 20 Soru\'94
\f1\b0 \
\
Or:\
\

\f0\b \'93Dubai Schooling & Relocation Readiness Checklist for Turkish Families\'94
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 11. FAQ questions
\f1\b0 \
\
The FAQ should answer common concerns:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}When should we start planning?\
{\listtext	0.	}Which curriculum is better: IB, British, American?\
{\listtext	0.	}How much do Dubai schools cost?\
{\listtext	0.	}Can you guarantee school admission?\
{\listtext	0.	}Do you help with visa and housing?\
{\listtext	0.	}Do you contact schools on our behalf?\
{\listtext	0.	}Is Dubai suitable for high school students?\
{\listtext	0.	}Can our child later apply to US/UK universities?\
{\listtext	0.	}Do you work with families outside Turkey?\
{\listtext	0.	}Do you provide online consultations?\
{\listtext	0.	}Do you help after relocation?\
{\listtext	0.	}What information do we need before the first session?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Important: she should avoid promising guaranteed admissions unless she has formal school placement agreements.\
\

\f0\b 12. Legal and disclaimer questions
\f1\b0 \
\
She should clarify:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Is she providing advisory support, not legal/visa advice?\
{\listtext	0.	}Is she guaranteeing admission or only guidance?\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she have official partnerships with schools?\
{\listtext	0.	}If yes, will she disclose commissions?\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she handle applications directly?\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she collect child data? If yes, how will privacy be handled?\
{\listtext	0.	}What is the cancellation/refund policy?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
A simple disclaimer may be needed:\
\

\f0\b \'93We provide education relocation mentoring and decision support. Final school admission decisions are made by the schools, and visa/legal matters should be confirmed with licensed professionals.\'94
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 13. Visual and brand style
\f1\b0 \
\
She should answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Should the website look premium or friendly?\
{\listtext	0.	}What colors does she like?\
{\listtext	0.	}Should it include Dubai visuals?\
{\listtext	0.	}Should it include family/children images?\
{\listtext	0.	}Should it be modern, elegant, soft, or corporate?\
{\listtext	0.	}Does she want personal photos?\
{\listtext	0.	}Should the site feel more like an education brand or a family advisory brand?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
For this business, I would suggest:\
\

\f0\b warm premium
\f1\b0 : soft beige, navy, white, light gold, calm blue.\
\

\f0\b 14. Content topics for blog/social media
\f1\b0 \
\
She should prepare 10\'9615 topics. For example:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Dubai\'92de okul se\'e7erken yap\uc0\u305 lan 7 hata\
{\listtext	0.	}IB, British ve American curriculum farklar\uc0\u305 \
{\listtext	0.	}Dubai\'92de okul \'fccretleri aile b\'fct\'e7esini nas\uc0\u305 l etkiler?\
{\listtext	0.	}Lise \'e7a\uc0\u287 \u305 nda yurtd\u305 \u351 \u305 na ta\u351 \u305 nmak do\u287 ru mu?\
{\listtext	0.	}\'c7ocu\uc0\u287 unuz yurtd\u305 \u351 \u305 na haz\u305 r m\u305 ?\
{\listtext	0.	}Dubai\'92de okul ve ev lokasyonu birlikte nas\uc0\u305 l se\'e7ilir?\
{\listtext	0.	}T\'fcrkiye\'92den Dubai\'92ye ta\uc0\u351 \u305 nan aileler i\'e7in okul takvimi\
{\listtext	0.	}\'dcniversite hedefi ABD ise hangi m\'fcfredat daha uygun?\
{\listtext	0.	}Dubai\'92de bekleme listeleri nas\uc0\u305 l \'e7al\u305 \u351 \u305 r?\
{\listtext	0.	}Yurtd\uc0\u305 \u351 \u305  e\u287 itim karar\u305 nda anne-baba \'e7at\u305 \u351 malar\u305  nas\u305 l y\'f6netilir?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b 15. The most important strategic questions
\f1\b0 \
\
Before building the website, she should answer these five questions very clearly:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls15\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b Who exactly do I help?
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b What painful decision do I help them make?
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b Why am I credible?
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b What paid service do I want them to buy first?
\f1\b0 \
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b What is the next action on every page?
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
My suggested first website positioning:\
\

\f0\b \'93Dubai\'92de \'e7ocuklar\uc0\u305 n\u305 n e\u287 itimi i\'e7in ta\u351 \u305 nmay\u305  d\'fc\u351 \'fcnen T\'fcrk ailelere, okul se\'e7imi, m\'fcfredat tercihi, lokasyon, maliyet ve adaptasyon s\'fcrecinde ki\u351 iselle\u351 tirilmi\u351  mentorluk sa\u287 l\u305 yoruz.\'94}